so here we are in Aragon in Spain for
the 2012 Red Bull MotoGP rookies Cup
selection event it's a rather different
track for us we've chosen the go kart
circuit here at Aragon not the GP track
and we've chosen it because it's a
really intense circuit very tricky very
technical and suits very well the Metra
pit bikes we use for the selection event
and we really think we're going to find
some good talent by using this circuit
as always at the selection event we're
looking for the rider with that
something special there's an awful lot
of good riders here but we're looking
for just those few riders with that
extra special spark of genius
that's gonna make them really suitable
member for the rookies Cup we have I
think it's 107 applicants and out of
this 107 they have minimum minimum 40 50
riders they are good enough to do a good
job in the rookies Cup but the typical
thing will be how to select the best of
them because it's very close to get all
the riders and gather we'll do our best
every year was more difficult and more
tighten between the riders they're
always more competitive and that's
proportional every year we have more
difficult to know the right ones this is
what this means and that selling the cap
will be higher
you can see the excitement here at the
selection because the guys know that the
rookies Cup is really where they want to
be that's their stepping-stone to Grand
Prix racing the potential stepping-stone
to Grand Prix stardom and they want to
be there at the GPS racing on the same
racetracks the same weekends as their
Grand Prix heroes
we very much appreciate all the
tremendous amount of time effort money
and heart hate and commitment that
you've all put into coming here as I
call out your name to invite you to join
the rookies cup for 2012 can you please
come up and stand along beside us here
number 22 bradley ray
it's a really great flame because I
didn't really expect to be taken there's
a lot of French writers so it's
wonderful yeah I'm very happy it's my
dream actually got into the Red Bull
Rookies Cup I'm so happy I never thought
I'd do it but I think this is the moment
is very exciting I'm very happy I'm very
very this opportunity I'm very happy for
the the selection it's so exciting to
see the level of talent on display for
these three days at the selection event
we've got some real geniuses here and
we're going to make a fantastic rookies
Cup